Update monitoring-ea-dashboards.asciidoc (#17059)
elastic/logstash: docs/static/monitoring/monitoring-ea-dashboards.asciidoc

* Under **Logs**, modify the log paths to match your {ls} environment.

. Configure the integration to collect metrics.

> * By default **Metrics (Elastic Agent)** is enabled, and **Metrics (Stack Monitoring)** is turned off.

Reviewer: Just a suggestion but I'd prefer to keep it as an action item, instead of an observation:

```suggestion
* Make sure **Metrics (Elastic Agent)** is enabled (default), and **Metrics (Stack Monitoring)** is turned off.
```

Feel free to ignore the suggestion. otherwise LGTM

> * By default **Metrics (Elastic Agent)** is turned enabled, and **Metrics (Stack Monitoring)** is turned off.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* By default **Metrics (Elastic Agent)** is enabled, and **Metrics (Stack Monitoring)** is turned off.
```
